{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15900\viewh18360\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Manus:\
\
Hi my name eduardo and i will talk about my master thesis wich is about\
two different responsive web approaches towards web developments, wich mobile-first and desktop-first\
\
Mobile-first and desktop-first are two different ways of making a website compatible for several units, such as mobiles, tablets, desktop, aso. wich means that a single websiste,  a signal code ground. will lets your website render the elements differently depending on the size of the webbrowser. what is this good for?\
\
Since 2007 when apple released the iPhone, it gave life to mobile web usage. big screens, and usability, made the web usage for mobile, easier to handle, and since then tele company has kept on developing the teqnique and lowered the prices in order to fit in the market.\
\
this has lead to the mobile web usage to escalate, and by 2012, 52% of swedish population were used the mobile web., and is predicted to keep on growing, and to "overcome" the desktop web usage 2014.\
\
On the other hand and if we look at the desktop web usage, it has been very stable over the last years, and since 2011 it has maintained on 86%, wich is a very large number. and wich is a number, that mobile web usage will reach to, without necessarily making the desktop web usage to decrease.\
\
this tells us that, mobile will grow, but the desktop will maintain, most users will use both.\
and web will have to focus on both targets, and one of several solutions, responsive web design.\
\
Responsive web design has three main teqniques, wich makes the responsiveness possibly.\
Fluid grid, Fluid Images, and media queries. By fluid grid and fluid images it will keep the elements, such as pictures, frames, and sections  having a size that is relative to the size of the web browser.\
media queries allows you to set borders to the design of the elements depending of the web browser width, height, unit. and allows you to redesign the code, and give elements other values depending on that limit.\
it leads to a web pages only for desktop, handle both and even handle screens with the size between mobile and desktop.\
\
So the to different approaches, mobile-first: the code is design for the mobile screen, so the priority is for the website to work for the mobile. And with the responsive teqniques redesign the content of the website the wider the web browser gets. \
the website will react with help of the media queries, and change the value of an element when the width is at least 980px. \
\
Desktop-first, the opposite, the code ground is for desktop, everything is design for desktop. and as soon as the web browser gets smaller , the design starts to change. the media queries respond to a maximum width, which tells us that from 0 to 380px, the element will have other values.\
\
The question that has taking over the web when it comes to responsiveness, is which of this methods is the best. Wich of these to methods will give you the best implementation for a website, and will make the life easier for you when you're making a responsive website.\
because the results of the website is the same no mather the method, but the paths to that results, are different.\
\
the questions at issue I've chosen together with my supervisor, is in order to find guidelines to when the method will be the best solution, and also to find the pros and cons for each method.\
\
In order to answer the questions, I've chosen to divide it into a theory and practical parts, theory wich includes literature review and interview, were the idea is to get into the web developers mind and thoughts, and the practical wich is the main part is a prototype of a website being implemented with both solutions to compare and draw conclusions that can be supported from the conclusions out of the literature review.\
\
In the end i hope find what could be a ground to what developers can relate to when choosing a way of implementing their responsive web page.\
\
  \
\
\
\
}